Animals
The elephant lives in Africa and in Asia.
This elephant lives in Africa.
It eats plants, leaves, bamboo and a little fruit.
But it doesn't eat meat.
It likes water.
There are only about 1,800 pandas in China.
And about 200 of them live in zoos.
The panda eats about 30 kilos of bamboo a day,
as well as plants and leaves.
This black and white animal is the favourite of people all over the world.
The zebra is an African animal.
Like the panda, it's black and white.
It eats plants and leaves, as well as grass.
But the zebra doesn't eat bamboo.
The tiger lives in Asia.
It's a very large animal and usually lives alone.
It likes water and is good at swimming.
It's strong and catches many kinds of animals for food.
Monkeys live in Africa, Asia and America.
There are about 200 kinds of monkeys.
Monkeys eat meat, leaves, fruit and even eggs.
The zebra is an African animal.
It's a very large animal.